Making IPIP/tunnel and override-nexthop independent (#1025)
cloudnativelabs/kube-router: docs/bgp.md

By default kube-router populates GoBGP RIB with node IP as next hop for the advertised pod CIDR's and service VIP. While this works for most cases, overriding the next hop for the advertised rotues is necessary when node has multiple interfaces over which external peers are reached. Next hop need to be as per the interface local IP over which external peer can be reached. `--override-nexthop` let you override the next hop for the advertised route. Setting `--override-nexthop` to true leverages BGP next-hop-self functionality implemented in GoBGP. Next hop will automatically selected appropriately when advertising routes irrespective of the next hop in the RIB. 

## Overriding the next hop and enable IPIP/tuennel

>  In a scenario there are multiple groups of nodes in different subnets and user wants to peer mulitple upstream routers for each of their node (.e.g., a cluster has seperate public and private networking, and the nodes in this cluster are located into two different racks, which has their own routers. So there would be two upstream routers for each node, and there are two different subnets in this case), The override-nexthop and tunnel cross subnet features need to be used together to achive the goal.
> 
>  to support the above case, user need to set `--enable-overlay` and `--override-nexthop` to true together. This configuration would have the following effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A common scenario exists where each node in the cluster is connected to two upstream routers that are in two different subnets. For example, one router is connected to a public network subnet and the other router is connected to a private network subnet. Additionally, nodes may be split across different subnets (e.g. different racks) each of which has their own routers.

 In this scenario, `--override-nexthop` can be used together to correctly peer with each upstream router, ensuring that the BGP next-hop attribute is correctly set to the node's IP address that faces the upstream router. The `--enable-overlay` can be set to allow overlay/underlay tunneling across the different subnets to achieve an interconnected pod network.

 This configuration would have the following effects:
```

I took a second pass at the wording to hopefully make it a little more concise. However, before changing anything I would recommend getting feedback from @murali-reddy

Author: @aauren Thank you very much for the feedback. I have integrated your comments in new commit. 

@murali-reddy Would you please take a look and let me know if there is anything else I need to add?
